I write a chef book here today we're
cooking up a big-ass
pan of burritos you know they look
fantastic it tastes awesome and one of
the reasons is because we're putting
some roasted peppers in we got two
poblano peppers and one green bell
pepper you know we took out the ribs and
the seeds you know slice them in half
then we grease the pan and put the
peppers cut side down and then bake them
at 400 degrees for about a half an hour
you know on roasting the peppers like
this here it's gonna make the outside
dark and a little bubbly and then when
you pull it out of the oven while
they're still hot cover them up and let
them steam in their own heat for about
10 or 15 minutes this is gonna loosen up
the skin and it'll peel right off you
know when you want to peel it off cuz
it's kind of plastic but what you're
going to be left with is these awesome
roasted peppers taste fantastic and you
can use them in any kind of recipe but
they're great with a burrito filling you
know so just dice them up and then we'll
get to work on the rest of this filling
we're using a little bit of ground beef
we're gonna go ahead and brown it up in
a skillet if you don't want to use beef
you know just use a lot of beans but we
like the taste of the ground beef with
the onion and garlic a lot of onion a
lot of garlic you know throw it in here
while this this meats brown enough and
then we're gonna add some beans as well
we're using one can of kidney beans and
then one can of dog food if you don't
want to use dog food then just use some
refried beans you know basically the
same thing now we're throwing in most of
our roasted peppers we're gonna reserve
about a 1/4 of it you know to use as a
topping later and then we're getting off
the heat throwing in our seasoning some
chili powder cumin salt and pepper
mixing it up and then that's our filling
we can go ahead and roll it up and some
tortillas now so we're greasing our pan
you know that we're gonna put our
burritos in and then we're gonna over
stuff them you know camera girl always
puts two heaping spoonfuls on here you
know tops it with a little bit of cheese
and then rolls it up you know she makes
it look easy but it's not easy it's you
know you get the skill and you're gonna
learn it by practicing you know let's
take another look see boom then boom
that roll roll roll and then boom in the
pan right it's not gonna fit you
thinking
but look amazing it fit you know she
always Jam packs it fool because we like
a lot of burritos and then she's got
some leftover filling she's gonna go
ahead and spread a little bit of that on
top you know she's gonna put some salsa
this is homemade sauce so you don't have
to use homemade sauce so you can use
like a jarred salsa if you're a caveman
you know then the rest of our roasted
peppers and a little more cheese you
want to make the top look like a Mexican
Christmas tree right and now we'll take
the whole pan of burritos slide it in
the oven still at 400 degrees let it
bake away for about 30 or 40 minutes you
know what you're looking for is for the
edges just start to brown up once they
start to brown around the edges go ahead
and turn your oven to broil and then
broil it for about three or four or five
minutes something like that but watch it
like a hawk because you don't want to
burn the top you just want to toast it
you know get a nice toasty cheese
topping on there and then there you have
it man boom fantastical burritos we're
serving it up with some sour cream and
some salad and homemade guacamole gg's
burrito recipe go ahead and give this a
try let me know what you think I'm
beginning 2nd down so go ahead and give
this recipe a try you know if you want
to print it up go to my food channel
calm you know this is probably more work
than drew Network wants to put into his
burritos but give it a go man
[Music]